Feat: add Docker+wasm examples (#309)
docker/awesome-compose: wasmedge-mysql-nginx/README.md

## Deploy with docker compose

```bash
$ docker compose up -d
...
 ⠿ Network wasmedge-mysql-nginx_default       Created
 ⠿ Container wasmedge-mysql-nginx-db-1        Created
 ⠿ Container wasmedge-mysql-nginx-frontend-1  Created
 ⠿ Container wasmedge-mysql-nginx-backend-1   Created
```

## Expected result

```bash
$ docker compose ps
NAME                              COMMAND                  SERVICE             STATUS              PORTS
wasmedge-mysql-nginx-backend-1    "order_demo_service.…"   backend             running             0.0.0.0:8080->8080/tcp, :::8080->8080/tcp
wasmedge-mysql-nginx-db-1         "docker-entrypoint.s…"   db                  running             3306/tcp
wasmedge-mysql-nginx-frontend-1   "/docker-entrypoint.…"   frontend            running             0.0.0.0:8090->80/tcp, :::8090->80/tcp
```

After the application starts, navigate to `http://localhost:80` in your web browser to interact with the `backend` WasmEdge server and database through HTML and JavaScript. 

> Alternatively, you can use the `curl` command to interact with the WasmEdge web service (i.e., the `backend` service).
> 
> When the WasmEdge web service receives a GET request to the `/init` endpoint, it would initialize the database with the `orders` table.

Reviewer: Adding a new section/heading for how to work with the API using curl

```suggestion

### Using the API with `curl`

As an alternative to the web frontend, you can use `curl` to interact with the WasmEdge API directly (the `backend` service).

When the WasmEdge web service receives a GET request to the `/init` endpoint, it would initialize the database with the `orders` table.
```

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/init
```

> When the WasmEdge web service receives a POST request to the `/create_order` endpoint, it would extract the JSON data from the POST body and insert an `Order` record into the database table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the WasmEdge web service receives a POST request to the `/create_order` endpoint, it extracts the JSON data from the POST body and inserts an `Order` record into the database table.
```

> For multiple records, use the `/create_orders` endpoint and POST a JSON array of `Order` objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To insert multiple records, use the `/create_orders` endpoint and POST a JSON array of `Order` objects:
```

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/create_orders -X POST -d @db/orders.json
```

> When the WasmEdge web service receives a GET request to the `/orders` endpoint, it would get all rows from the `orders` table and return the result set in a JSON array in the HTTP response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the WasmEdge web service receives a GET request to the `/orders` endpoint, it gets all rows from the `orders` table and return the result set in a JSON array in the HTTP response.
```

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/orders
```

> When the WasmEdge web service receives a POST request to the `/update_order` endpoint, it would extract the JSON data from the POST body and update the `Order` record in the database table that matches the `order_id` in the input data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the WasmEdge web service receives a POST request to the `/update_order` endpoint, it extracts the JSON data from the POST body and update the `Order` record in the database table that matches the `order_id` in the input data.
```

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/update_order -X POST -d @db/update_order.json
```

> When the WasmEdge web service receives a GET request to the `/delete_order` endpoint, it would delete the row in the `orders` table that matches the `id` GET parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the WasmEdge web service receives a GET request to the `/delete_order` endpoint, it deletes the row in the `orders` table that matches the `id` GET parameter.
```
